yet to start

11. Implement filter options to all the management tables (Working) 
1. Income bill/statement management (Working)
2. Advance Management (Working)
12. Extensively elaborate the income bill/statement management (Working)
	11.1 Dashboards for that
3. Shift Management 
9. Dashboards (properly show the necessary informations)
10. Properly Reassemble
	10.1 Employee Management
	10.2 Customer Management (working) 
	10.3 Invoice (bill/statement) Management (Working)
		9.3.1 Advance Management (Working)
	10.4 Product Management (Working)
	10.5 Inventory Management (Working)
	10.6 Marketing Management	
	10.7 Operational Dashboards
	10.8 Invoice Payment Dashboards 
	
non-application tasks	
4. Spring security
	3.a AWS Cognito
5. TLS/SSL Configurations
6. login/logout page
7. Database final work
8. Reports (JasperReport Server)
	7.1 Daily Sales Report
	7.2 Inventory Report (Summary and detailed) by individual and total
	7.3 Customer Balance Report (Summary and Detailed) by individual and total
	7.4 Sales Tax Templates (automatically export to pdf or excel) 
	7.5 Oil Calculation Templates (automatically export to pdf or excel)
	7.6 SBI bank Customer Balance report (local and statement party balances)
13. Implement Spring AI in the dashboard (LLM designed for this application alone)
14. Implement Authenticator application kinda integration into the application for otp purposes (during the validation of credit bills)
15. S3 bucket integrations for storing pics, pdfs (bills and statements) and photocopies of bills (signed by authorative) and indents photocopies
16. PayTM Integrations
17. IOT Integrations (future phase)


Requirements/Questions/Thoughts/Improvements:
1. If i reassign or mapping a vehicle (/api/customers/mappings)  from one customer to another ...will that vehicle invoice bill histories be reflected to the new added customer ledger balance ... 


2.  another importatnt distinction ..or the problem is that i would like to maintain the gowdown stock and stock with cashier seperately (it would be benefinical for the shift management daily) and if the stock needs to move from godown to cashier stock ..it should be easy one and should be recorded also...

3. also i would like to maintain a purchase invoice a complete CRUD for it ...purchasing fuel and non-fuel (accessories) 

4. while adding the product, it is not allowing to include Grade oil type and but successfully choose the variant type... similarly in the grade page ..still the oil types and grades are CRUD independetently ....

5. in the tank management, add an another field AvailableStock that should have the updated value (how much the tank currently holds) ..add a tag like widget on the tank to show its presense 

6. If i disable the product, an invoice cannot be using the product...

7. Have you created a frontend page and backend api for the expense and incentives (towards cash, credit invoices (bills and statements)  ...And I am under the impression that the (Card, UPI, cheque, CCMS, bank Transfer -- an entry will be automatically created when give the payment transaction of the invoice credit bill/statement...and also when i create the a cash invoice) ... a seperate UI home (cash advance) needs to be created for taking cash from the petrol bunk (night(home advance) or regular advance)  .....

8. employee management..currently it has a functional employee addittion. ... i want to include their aadhar card, multiple phone numbers, address , their salary (management and it s histories, any advances that they got) ...and additionally ..(their photo- ---> the usual records the photo url (mostly saved in S3 bucket) ...and of course their bank details ...anymore it needed ...



